some minor editing (#1)
gonzalo-bulnes/production-ready: identify_and_start_isolating_side_effects.md

Things outside of your code that affect —or are affected by— the behaviour of your code are called side-effects of your code. _(Calling the former a side-effect may be a bit of a stretch but they both can be treated very similarly to our purposes.)_

> Testing code with side-effects is trickier than testing code without side-effects and requires a different approach. Also,side-effects often mark the boundaries between your code and its dependencies. These are places where change might need to happen without notice.

Author: I am not sure what this line means: These are places where change might need to happen without notice.

Reviewer: I mean that changes can be unpredictable, but I was trying not to make it sound like completely erratic. Your dependencies are out of your control, and when they change you need to adapt on your end to follow the change. But, you can predict that they will change someday, it's just that you don't necessarily get a lot of heads up when that finally happens.

Author: Ah, that makes sense. So something like: 
"Testing code with side-effects is trickier than testing code without side-effects and requires a different approach. Another thing to keep in mind is that your dependencies are out of your control, and when they change you need to adapt on your end to follow the change. Howeverm you can predict that they will change someday and side-effects often mark the boundaries between your code and its dependencies. The side effects gives us insight where change might need to happen.

Reviewer: I'll give it a try! :slightly_smiling_face:

> Testing code with side-effects is trickier than testing code without side-effects and requires a different approach. Also,side-effects often mark the boundaries between your code and its dependencies. These are places where change might need to happen without notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing code with side-effects is trickier than testing code without side-effects and requires a different approach. Another thing to keep in mind is that your code dependencies are out of your control, and when they change you may need to adapt your code to follow the change. Everything changes eventually and code dependencies are no exception. Because side-effects often mark the boundaries between our code and its dependencies, they often give us insight where change might need to happen.
```

What do you think @oknono? I tried to transition from you/your code to us/our code to avoid staying for too long in "you" space. (I find the direct speech engaging but if it goes on for too long I find it feels distant and fires back.)

Author: Yes, better than what I suggested :)

> It is then generally interesting to identify those areas of side-effects and start isolating them. There is a hierarchy here: the most important part is to have side-effects in mind, isolating them is nice but doesn't need to be taken too far at first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is why it is interesting to identify those areas of side-effects and start isolating them. Note that there is a hierarchy here: the most important part is to have side-effects in mind, isolating them is nice but doesn't need to be taken too far at first.
```

To go with the suggestion on the paragraph above.

- Can I precisely predict the result of executing some code?
- If I were to execute the same code multiple times, would it always return the same values? (e.g. `sing_birthday_song('Alice', 44)` _vs_ `check_weather_outside()` or `roll_fancy_dice(12)`)

> If the answer to any of those questions is "no", then there is likely a side-effect somewhere in the function. This is not an exhaustive list, but it should give you a rough idea.

Reviewer: :+1:

> How to start isolating side-effects?

Author: I had a look and both side-effects and side effects is grammatically correct. The latter is more commonly used, but I guess it is up to taste!

Reviewer: I'm happy to move to the most widely used. Anything that looks more familiar removes unnecessary noise. :slightly_smiling_face:
